feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 6 (#57565)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-future-continuous-while-describing-actions/67614992d9e494a2b69f89bb.md

---
id: 67614992d9e494a2b69f89bb
title: Task 111
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-111
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Read the text and answer the question below.

# --questions--

> ## --text--
> 
> `Dear Team,`
> 
> `As the summit is near and many of you will be traveling for work, it’s important to stay safe online. Man-in-the-Middle attacks (MitM) often happen on public Wi-Fi or unsecured networks, especially during peak travel times. These attacks can steal your data, including corporate emails and sensitive information.`
> 
> `To stay protected, always use a VPN (Virtual Private Network) when accessing sensitive information or company systems. Avoid using public Wi-Fi for important tasks. Check the updated security tips and job aids we’ve shared. They include simple steps to keep your data safe while traveling.`
> 
> `We’ve scheduled a security review meeting to share more advice and discuss security protocols. If you have any questions or need help setting up your VPN, contact the security team before your trip.`
> 
> `Stay safe,`
> 
> `Your Security Team`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## --text--

After discussing the risks with Brian, Anna decided to inform the team about preventing MitM attacks, especially during work-related travel:

`Dear Team,`

`As the summit is near and many of you will be traveling for work, it's important to stay safe online. Man-in-the-Middle attacks (MitM) often happen on public Wi-Fi or unsecured networks, especially during peak travel times. These attacks can steal your data, including corporate emails and sensitive information.`

`To stay protected, always use a VPN (Virtual Private Network) when accessing sensitive information or company systems. Avoid using public Wi-Fi for important tasks. Check the updated security tips and job aids we've shared. They include simple steps to keep your data safe while traveling.`

`We've scheduled a security review meeting to share more advice and discuss security protocols. If you have any questions or need help setting up your VPN, contact the security team before your trip.`

`Stay safe,`
`Your Security Team`
```

What does the email recommend using to protect sensitive information?

## --answers--

Public Wi-Fi

### --feedback--

The email explicitly advises against using public Wi-Fi for important tasks.

---

Updated security tips

### --feedback--

While the email shares updated tips, it specifically recommends a tool to protect sensitive information.

---

A VPN (Virtual Private Network)

---

A job aid

### --feedback--

> The job aid provides guidance, but the email specifically mentions a VPN as a key tool for protection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job aid provides guidance, but the email mentions a specific key tool for protection.
```
This feedback gives away the answer.
